thank
you for identifying her
sorry we had to find her like this
mom
dad I'm right here
this can't be happening
I can't be dead
no Blairs
I should have saved you
from standing too close to the edge
you are the love of my life
you became our son 5 years ago
when you married our daughter
hey Jack
you will always be part of this family
no
no Jack Marshall killed me
my husband killed me
we have to give him some space
come this way
got a few questions for you guys
you dumb bitch
for 5 years
you were the perfect wife and this is all you got
everything you had is mine now
how could you
sorry be
it's not my fault you were stupid enough to choose me
goodbye
no
please
give me another chance
please give me another chance to start over
oh my God are you okay
I'm alive
I'm alive again
this is 5 years ago
it's time for revenge